On which days is in-person CS undergraduate drop-in advising available?
Where should CS students go for in-person drop-in advising?
What email should CS students use during business hours for advising?
Who should undergraduate Computer Science internship students list as their advisor for CPT?
What email should undergraduate Computer Science internship students use in the email field for CPT?
What is the class number for CPT course 197-004 in the Summer 2026 12-week session?
Who should Electrical Engineering internship students list as their advisor for CPT?
Where should EECS students go for in-person drop-in advising?
What email should EECS students use during business hours for advising?
On what date was BEARS 2021 scheduled according to the 2020-21 special events archive?
On what dates was the Rising Stars 2020 Academic Career Workshop for Women in EECS held virtually?
What was the application deadline for the Rising Stars 2020 workshop?
Who is listed first on the EECS faculty in memoriam page?
What is the application deadline for SUPERB-AI4E?
What is the research focus of SUPERB in EECS?
What academic year is listed for the Apple Masters Scholarship in Integrated Systems?
How many semesters of TA service are expected of an Apple Masters Scholar in Integrated Systems?
What internship opportunity does the Apple Masters Scholarship in Integrated Systems provide?
How many EECS faculty have been given the UC Berkeley Distinguished Teaching Award?
How many EECS faculty have been elected to the National Academy of Engineering?
What is the deadline for the Lecturer Pool in Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences?
On what date was the Berkeley EECS Reunion Conference held according to the 2019-20 special events archive?
On what date was BEARS 2020 held according to the 2019-20 special events archive?
What is the application deadline for the Master of Engineering program in the industry-oriented graduate degree comparison?
What is the application deadline for the Five Year Master of Science program in the industry-oriented graduate degree comparison?
What is the focus of the Five Year Master of Science program in the industry-oriented graduate degree comparison?
Which Berkeley course is described as having more than 50% women enrolled?
Which Berkeley course was named one of 'Five Best Computer Science Classes in the US' by Bloomberg Business?
About how many graduate students has Professor David A. Patterson mentored?
How many New York City public high school teachers is the NSF grant bringing BJC to?
What does VSPA stand for on the visiting scholars page?
