On what date was BEARS 2019 held according to the 2018-19 special events archive?
What was the theme of BEARS 2019 according to the 2018-19 special events archive?
In what building did the CS Kickstart ice cream social on August 11th take place?
About how many attendees did CS Kickstart have in its Fall 2022 cohort?
In what consecutive year was CS Kickstart operating in Fall 2022?
Beginning with which cohort did EECS stop requiring or accepting GRE scores for graduate research degree programs?
By what percentage did applications from groups historically underrepresented in EECS increase after GRE-free admissions?
By what percentage did admittance of historically underrepresented applicants increase after GRE-free admissions?
By what percentage did yield from historically underrepresented populations increase after GRE-free admissions?
How large was the Hopper-Dean Foundation gift for diversity initiatives in Computer Science?
Who was the Chair of the CS Division when the Hopper-Dean Foundation gift was announced?
Who led the High School Initiative described in the Hopper-Dean Foundation diversity gift page?
Who received the Berkeley Citation in 2013 on the EECS staff awards page?
Who received the Berkeley Citation in 1991 on the EECS staff awards page?
Who received the Chancellor's Distinguished Service Award in 1989 on the EECS staff awards page?
What is the first review date for the Associate Development Engineer staff position?
What is the deadline for the Junior/Assistant Specialist - Computer Science Division position?
What institution code should M.Eng. applicants use when sending official TOEFL scores?
Who will field admissions questions for the M.Eng. program according to the FAQ?
Do M.Eng. faculty members respond to admissions inquiries according to the FAQ?
What organization was Paul Debevec affiliated with in the Fall 2018 EECS Colloquium archive?
On what date did Shafi Goldwasser speak in the Fall 2018 EECS Colloquium archive?
At what venue was the Shafi Goldwasser Fall 2018 colloquium lecture held?
Which university was Mark Yim affiliated with in the Spring 2021 colloquium archive?
On what date did Bryan Catanzaro speak in the Spring 2021 colloquium archive?
Which organization was John Schulman affiliated with in the Spring 2023 colloquium archive?
On what date did Michael Stonebraker speak in the Spring 2023 colloquium archive?
In what year was Andrew R. Neureuther elected to the National Academy of Engineering?
About how many papers did Andrew R. Neureuther publish?
Where is Jeffrey Bokor's office located according to his faculty home page?
In what year did Jeffrey Bokor retire from Berkeley according to his faculty home page?
